Release 1.0.0 (#59)
brim-borium/spotify_sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.0.0
* adds support for iOS (thanks [fotiDim](https://github.com/fotiDim))
* adapts to breaking changes in the spotify android sdk (thanks [itsMatoosh](https://github.com/itsMatoosh))

> * extends usage of the spotify android sdk functionalities (thanks [Joran-Dob](https://github.com/Joran-Dob))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds the `setShuffle()` and `setRepeatMode()` APIs for android (thanks [Joran-Dob](https://github.com/Joran-Dob))
```

* renames logout to disconnect

> * some minor bug fixing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds `accessToken` as an optional parameter to `connectToSpotifyRemote()` (only supported on iOS)
* some minor bug fixing
```

## 1.0.0
* __adds support for iOS__ 🎉 (thanks [fotiDim](https://github.com/fotiDim))
* adapts to breaking changes in the spotify android sdk (thanks [itsMatoosh](https://github.com/itsMatoosh))

> * implemented PKCE auth flow for the web implementation (thanks [itsMatoosh](https://github.com/itsMatoosh))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* implements PKCE auth flow for the web implementation (thanks [itsMatoosh](https://github.com/itsMatoosh))
```

> * adds the `setShuffle()` and `setRepeatMode()` APIs for android (thanks [Joran-Dob](https://github.com/Joran-Dob))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* adds the `setShuffle()` and `setRepeatMode()` APIs for Android (thanks [Joran-Dob](https://github.com/Joran-Dob))
```

* renames logout to disconnect

> * Adds `accessToken` as an optional parameter to `connectToSpotifyRemote()` (only supported on iOS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* adds `accessToken` as an optional parameter to `connectToSpotifyRemote()` (only supported on iOS)
```
